---
layout: post
title:  Habits
date:   2016-10-03
image:  images/habits.jpg
tags:   [sleep, habits, life]
---
I woke up. I knew that the sun has not risen up, so I didn’t bother to pull off the curtains out of my window to confirm it. But, I looked at my watch and it’s 2:45 am. **”Shit, why am I waking up this time!!,”** I murmured angrily and again, turnover and tried to get some sleep. But it was all in vain.

From last few weeks, I am waking up at this hour. I am not a gamer, neither a tech geek nor a binge watcher. But, nowadays I woke up around 2–3 am in the morning and even though how much I tried to sleep again, I always fail to do so.

For the few starting days, I was elated that I woke up at this hour as I thought, this hour of the night seemed to happen more productive one. I could have finished my assignments, read some of the chapters, completed my project works and of course learning something new as this hour of the night is so peaceful. But I couldn’t as **I was the excellent procrastinator and there’s no one to beat me in procrastination.** So, neither I could do my assignments, nor study for my assessments nor learn anything. And, I ended up watching movies and songs on youtube.

I had this strange habit, that I rarely could complete any movie at one sit. Though it might seem funny, I usually watch movies in installment: 30 minutes for today, another 30 minutes for the next day and so on. And finally, at about 4–5 days, I would be like **“Taddaa!! I completed my movie."** When I watch any movie, though the movie is perfectly my type “romantic comedy with a very happy ending”, I would start feeling sleepy. And I couldn’t make it till the end.

> **After all these, I had came up with a conclusion that those long series weren’t my cup of tea.**

And here was my brand new habit of waking up at 2–3 am. This unusual habit made me fatigue and sleepy next whole day and I couldn’t concentrate on anything, neither the lectures nor the gossips with my friends. I just stay like a statue listening and only listening to their chattering. But, there was a good part of waking at that hour. I could watch the movie without getting dozed off.

> **Haha, full concentration on movie.**

But, when the clock struck 5 am, I used to get panic and try my best to get some sleep. The only fear was that we had this weird rule set up by my mom that one should get awoke by 7 am. But most of the time, due to this habit I got scolded by my mom. And I used to say I would wake up tomorrow on time, but the same cycle gets repeated.

These unusual habits didn’t leave me. Though it seemed weird it had been my habit. So I thought of modifying myself or let’s say tuning myself to be productive at this hour. But, I know it’s not so easy to change the lazy me.

> **But it would be great to watch the battle between these two MEs. Could this sensible me get victory over that lazy me??**

---

<i>I have some kind of weird habits. I think all of the people have something weird about themselves. This is first habit that I find weird. If you want to read about my other weird habits, you can read it from [here](https://pinksi.github.io/2019/04/30/out-of-words/). I will keep updating this series, once I encounter such weird habits in future. :D </i>