---
layout: post
title: "I am sorry!!"
author: "Pinky Sitikhu"
categories: journal
tags: [prose, fiction, love]
image: i_am_sorry.jpeg
---

The class ended. She was in rush pushing all her classmates away, as at exactly 1 pm, he had promised, he would be in front of her college gate. Since that cranky old teacher had already taken about 15 minutes more, she was annoyed that she could not be punctual this time. But when she arrived out of her college, he wasn’t there. Instead, her best friend was waving her **“Hello”**. She, with a bit of confusion went towards her where she heard that he could not manage for an early break from his office, so her friend had come to pick her up instead.

Although she was happy to see her friend, clouds of sadness has started to hover around some corners of her little heart. She had a grumpy feeling as that person didn’t fulfill his promise. The weather was fair. The sky was clear, the rain has just stopped drizzling, the cool breeze of air was shaking her silky long hair and the pleasant earthy smell was coming from the road. Amidst all these, there was no traffic on the road. And there she was, lost in her own world and dreaming about those moment they shared together.

> **That late night bike ride, drizzling drops of rain, fighting for an ice-cream and his silly jokes. All of those sweet moments were dancing in her mind.**

Her friend’s loud yell woke her up from the dream. She was asking her to get the raincoat out from her bag as the bigger rain drops had started to pour down. So, they stopped the scooter on the road side and wore the raincoat.

As her friend started driving, her dream resumed and the memories got rewind. **She remembered the time when they each had 5 scoops of ice-creams as a challenge and both of them suffered from common cold for a week.**

> **“He does this every time. He never values me. He can manage the time for all other things beside me.”**

Her anger started to climb the peak. But she was pretty sure that he would call her and will try to explain the situation.

> **“No, I ain’t gonna talk to him and pick up the damn phone. I won’t listen to his stupid excuses.” She murmured herself. Then she tried to divert her mind and talked with her besty about her day. But her mind wasn’t co-operating with her and her level of anger was rising.**


She reached her home and bid a goodbye to her friend. She went upstairs still promising herself that she won’t answer his calls.

> **“Alas, I forget to invite her for a coffee and didn’t even say a “Thank you.” <br>
“Silly Girl !! ”**

She scolded herself.

She freshened up and made herself a strong cup of coffee. She opened her laptop and started searching for a good movie. But her eyes were searching her phone and she ran towards the bathroom where she had left her phone. She tried her best to remove her eyes from checking her phone but failed to do so. Then, she inserted her phone between the pile of clothes that her mother had brought just after the wash. After a while, it rang and the phone screen was flashing out his name clearly. She picked up the phone abruptly and forgot her commitment of not picking up the call within a second.

**“Did you reach home?”**, he asked. But she replied with a harsh **“Yes”**, although she was too desperate to hear his voice. Again, being a lot softer, he asked, **“Shall we go for a coffee?.”** Now, she burst out her anger and replied a big “No” . He tried to convince her for a couple of times but she kept being angry and didn’t listen a word from him. He ended the call with disappointment.

> **“Why did I overreacted? Alas, I even didn’t ask why he couldn’t come. He may had some really important meeting.”**

Now she started cursing herself.

With all these things, she became exhausted and fed up with her thoughts. Again, she started to search for a movie. And after about 10 minutes, he called her again and asked her to come out of her house. When she looked from her window, he was there drenched in rain. Her mood lighten up instantly seeing him and she went out in a hurry with an umbrella. He gave her a small box and ignited his bike and left. She came to her room and opened the box. She found a bunch of chocolates and below them a small note saying **“I am sorry!!!”.**

*And those three words took all the anger with them and brought a big curve over her lips.*

<i>Originally published in <a href="https://medium.com/zerone-magazine/i-am-sorry-c3b2e0bf74a" target="_blank">Medium</a></i>