---
layout: post
title: USA 101 !
date: 2021-10-03
# image:  images/today_night.jpg
tags: [lessons]
---

Travelling to the US for the first time can be very overwhelming. Especially, if you are a student and have no relatives or friends, you might be clueless, as you might need to complete a lot of paperwork, and make the basic necessity available. The International Student Union can be a great help for all your college related paperwork.  Here I have enlisted a few things based on my experience that can guide through for first-timers.

#### 1. Sim Card

Get your mobile sim card as soon as possible. While selecting your sim card, if internet or data is also a priority you can select the plan as per your requirement. Below I have enlisted a few service providers which you can use.

    a. Red Pocket
    - $10 per month, $5 for sim card
    - 500 minutes Talktime, 500 messages, 500 MB of data
    
    b. Mint Mobile
    - $15 per month
    - Unlimited calls and messages, 4 GB of data
    
    c. T-Mobile
    - $ 10 for sim card, $15 per month
    - Unlimited calls and messages, 2.5 GB of data

You can visit any nearest store or order online.

#### 2. Bank Account
The second most important thing you should consider is creating a bank account. Generally the university deposits your assistantship amount  directly into your bank account. If you want to open an account at Chase bank, here is a guide for you.

    a. You can create a checking account, which will not incur you any monthly/yearly service fee.

    b. Since it is a covid time, you can call the Chase bank nearest to you and schedule an appointment. After that you can visit the bank on the mentioned appointment and create a bank account. 

    c. Documents required: Passport, I20, mobile number

    d. If you have your SSN number, then you can take that as well, but even if you do not have it right now, you can create your bank account. But, please take along your lease paper or any utility bill under your name, take that with you.

With all these documents, the bank agent will help you in creating the bank account.

#### 3. Social Security Number
You can create an SSN after your sevis activation has been done by your university. For your sevis activation, contact the university's office of international affairs (oia). After 48hrs of your sevis activation, you can apply for SSN.

    Documents required:
    - Passport
    - I20
    - I94
    - Letter of employment from your department
    - SSN application

You can take all these documents and visit the SSN office for the application. In this covid situation, before visiting the office, please call the SSN office and schedule an appointment. Then you can visit the office with your documents.

#### 4. Temporary Instructor Permit

If you want to apply for a driving license in the USA, the first step is to create a Temporary Instructional Permit (TIP). This permit basically acts as a proof for any driving school that the person carrying the TIP has completed his/her identity verification and addressed any sort of medical condition in the Office of Motors and Vehicles. It also provides permission for the driving school to conduct behind-the-wheel training. To create a TIP, you need to visit OMV nearest to you with the following document. (You might need to schedule an appointment before visiting there due to the covid situation. Please call or check out the website of OMV of your state).

    Documents required:
    I20
    Passport
    Two proof of residence
    Social Security Number
    Fee: $32.25

Process: <br>
You can visit the office with all the documents. The officer will ask for all the documents and ask a few questions regarding medical conditions, height, weight, will do a quick eye check, take your photo and finally print the card. The overall process will take at most 10-15 minutes.
